README.md, before:

# Network

Some potentially useful networks tools.

> Declare: This is not a client-side crack. We just try to change some of the restrictions and implementations. You still need to pay for your network, and we refuse to discuss the topic of free internet. And it requires the user to bear the risk of use.

## Official Client Backup

### Systemd Service Usage

Here's a simple [systemd service](officialClient/ruijie@.service).

> [GZHU Network Center Page](http://202.192.18.32:8081)

## Official Client Multi-adapter Support

[Included in the official client folder](officialClient/LinuxVersion/x86/rjsupplicant_multi_nic).

## Telecom VPN Without Client.

[Introduction here](telecomVpn/README.md).

## Third-party Open Source Client Minieap

- [Origin Repository](https://github.com/updateing/minieap)
- [Local Version](https://github.com/GZHU-Dress/minieap)
- [OpenWRT Version](https://github.com/GZHU-Dress/openwrt-minieap)

## Relay Software Agentx1

- [Origin Repository](https://bitbucket.org/CrazyBoyFeng/agentx1)
- [OpenWRT Version](https://github.com/GZHU-Dress/openwrt-agentx1)
- [LEDE Version](https://github.com/GZHU-Dress/agentx1-lede)

## Archlinux Package Cache

**Attention**: Only can be used at school and manually packaged (may have testing packages or out of date).

Download the packages and `sudo pacman -U xxx.tar.gz` to install it. 

Verify the package by [public keys](https://github.com/GZHU-Dress/gzhu-pubkeys/blob/master/gpg_keys) or install `archlinuxcn-keyring` package from [archlinuxcn repo](https://github.com/archlinuxcn/repo/blob/master/README.md).

> [Cache Address](http://202.192.29.91/)

Commit message:

Update README to assign the `gzhu` branch

README.md, after:

# Network

Some potentially useful networks tools.

> Declare: This is not a client-side crack. We just try to change some of the restrictions and implementations. You still need to pay for your network, and we refuse to discuss the topic of free internet. And it requires the user to bear the risk of use.

## Official Client Backup

### Systemd Service Usage

Here's a simple [systemd service](officialClient/ruijie@.service).

> [GZHU Network Center Page](http://202.192.18.32:8081)

## Official Client Multi-adapter Support

[Included in the official client folder](officialClient/LinuxVersion/x86/rjsupplicant_multi_nic).

## Telecom VPN Without Client.

[Introduction here](telecomVpn/README.md).

## Third-party Open Source Client Minieap

> Pay more attention to the branch before you download or clone.

- [Origin Repository](https://github.com/updateing/minieap)
- [Local Version](https://github.com/GZHU-Dress/minieap)
- [OpenWRT Version](https://github.com/GZHU-Dress/openwrt-minieap/tree/gzhu)

## Relay Software Agentx1

- [Origin Repository](https://bitbucket.org/CrazyBoyFeng/agentx1)
- [OpenWRT Version](https://github.com/GZHU-Dress/openwrt-agentx1)
- [LEDE Version](https://github.com/GZHU-Dress/agentx1-lede)

## Archlinux Package Cache

**Attention**: Only can be used at school and manually packaged (may have testing packages or out of date).

Download the packages and `sudo pacman -U xxx.tar.gz` to install it. 

Verify the package by [public keys](https://github.com/GZHU-Dress/gzhu-pubkeys/blob/master/gpg_keys) or install `archlinuxcn-keyring` package from [archlinuxcn repo](https://github.com/archlinuxcn/repo/blob/master/README.md).

> [Cache Address](http://202.192.29.91/)
